On February 14th, 2013, Supreme Overlord Abhishek Johri received many heartfelt cards called “bittergrams” from His adoring fans. Some background information: bittergrams are sarcastic Valentines Day cards that come with fake roses and are sold by a club in our school the week of Valentines Day. They generally sport phrases like “Forever alone” or other very un-romantic utterances. 

Prior to this week, His loyal fans were collecting money to surprise Abhishek with as many cards as they could muster. In one instance, Abhishek Himself walked into our sketch talks and asked what we are up to. Unphased, Vidur Sanandan took the opportunity to convince Abhishek that we were collecting money for a fellow troll Miles Chan, and that we will surprise him with several bittergrams on Valentines Day. Abhishek, always the generous Lord, boldly stated that He wished to help, and donated a sizeable sum to our cause, which was to Himself. Yes, The Great Abhishek Johri bought His own valentine day cards and flowers. On top of this great act, Abhishek decided He wants to sign one of the cards to “Miles,” and wrote,
	
“Haha Miles! You bought your own card!”

The day of reckoning came, and Abhishek Johri went to His 3rd period class, smug of the great prank that was going to happen to Miles. To the roaring amusement of the crowd now gathered to witness the spectacle, His math teacher instead procured a plastic bag, chock-full of bittergrams. What began as a wide smile in anticipation for a long-awaited prank on Miles transfigured into a dazzling display of earth-shaking disappointment. Guttural invectives were thrown at Vidur, who bravely risked life and limb to record the incidence. Upon being prompted to enumerate the wishes of bitterness bestowed upon Him, He put forth His resolve and refused, all the while protecting His subjects from either His laughs or cries. 

Later that day at the robotics lab, Abhishek’s eminence made a rare appearance. Despite purportedly despising the gesture of gratitude the bittergrams represented, He of course brought them to the lab with Him. Mr. Xie, a mentor on the team, observed this spectacle and resolves to investigate.

Mr. Xie: (sees Abhishek’s proudly displayed bag of bittergrams) Hey what’s this? 

*starts reading

Mr. Xie: Wow, Abhishek’s really popular. 

*cue laughter from other robotics students. Mr. Xie smirks knowingly.

Mr. Xie: Don’t laugh. How many bittergrams YOU get? Huh? HAHAHAHA!