	One could make a joke about Spanish not being Abhishek’s strong suit, but that would require the addendum that Spanish isn’t really anyone’s strong suit (except the great God Aaron Aquino). Between carefully crafting silly sugar skulls and using Spanish mainly for and related to food, innocent souls like Johri were caught off-guard when the teacher assigned a project. It was to be entirely in Spanish! 

	The caveat here was that the teacher never asked for the project to make sense. So, a team of six men was formed, and a venture was begun. There were trampoline fights, there were dance battles, and there was a pretty odd Spanish poem improvised on the chromatic scale. But most importantly, there was the Old Spice Man, Abhishek Johri. 

	Abhishek’s role was immensely complicated. He was to walk, roll approximately a foot-and-a-half on a dilapidated skateboard with one foot allegedly planted on the ground for virtually the entire exodus, and sit on a rocking horse. Abhishek also had the added responsibility of speaking (Spanish) words while performing this task. And he even did it with his shirt on, in betrayal of the Old Spice spirit. 

	While Abhishek did manage to walk the walk and talk the talk after what seemed like googolplex attempts, it’s doubtful that he knew what his “talking” entailed. Between lines like “I like nachos and tacos and the country Morocco” and “I am ironic,” one could say that Abhishek most fulfilled the spirit of this project and most embodied the spirit of this team. 

	And in cliche Abhishek style, Abhishek embodied the spirit of Abhishek to, well, the fullest extent. The man gets full. The host teammate’s mother offered us samosas to satiate our appetites after a hard day of randomness, and quietly, we ate. “You kids must be hungry,” she said. 

“Yes we are Auntie,” Abhishek replied. 

“Good, good. Eat.” 

A caesura. 

“ . . . Auntie, can I have another samosa?” 

	The Old Spice Man needs fuel for his glamorous deeds, no? Yes. And Abhishek needs fuel for calling himself ironic and gracing rocking horses with his legs. Indeed, Abhishek. Indeed.